How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was 
introduced?

In large documents such as the one provided, it is difficult and time-consuming to 
find differences and potential bugs
between two versions of the same file. Thus diff helps
us save time.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient
 programmer in the long term?

If you have old versions of the same file, some of them might be 
working. If you know you have access to a working version of the file 
you might as well go ahead and modify it. You can spot bugs in your 
new code easily.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Choosing manually when to commit is a work of art - judgement based decision. 
Automatic saving does help in case you forget to commit but then you've got a lot 
of similar looking files which may not have a lot of logical differences or changes.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files 
in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git allows saving multiple files in one commit because a single project may contain
many files. However, Google Docs, for example, does not provide multiple commits
because many text files might not be related.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git diff tells us what deletions and what additions have been made to a file, with  
the help of the corresponding commits. git log tells us when specific commits were
made, along with the time and commit ID.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could 
break something?

Knowing that any change that introduces a bug can be reverted provides assurance to 
the programmer that experimentation with new code will do no harm.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to try using Git for viewing the history of my programming projects
and for not being stressed out that I'll crash the program because of some new
code.